.\"
.\" $Id$
.\"
.\" See LICENSE
.\"
.TH NBSPGOESR 1 "6 FEBRUARY, 2025"
.SH NAME
nbspgoesr \- Process a sat GOESR (netcdf) file to create a png image
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBnbspgoesr\fR [-bci] [-g|-r] [-d outputdir] [-o outputfile] ncfile
.PP
Options:
.PP
.RS 2
-b => background
.br
-c => output csv (default is png)
.br
-i => output info (default is png)
.br
-g|-r => input is a glm (tirs00) or an OR_ABI type file
.br
-d => directory for output file
.br
-o => name of output file (for png or csv) - otherwise default is stdout
.br
.RE
.PP
If the [-i] option is set, the following info is printed to stdout:
.PP
.RS 2
nx, ny, tile_center_lon, tile_center_lat,
lon_min, lat_min, lon_max, lat_max,
lon_ll, lat_ll, lon_ur, lat_ur
.RE
.PP
all in one line separated by a space. (lon_min,lat_min) and
(lon_max,lat_max) are the coordinates of the lower-left and upper-right
points, respectively (bounding box). The ll and ur points are similar but
exclude background (level 0) points in the determination of the limits
(the "maximum enclosing rectangle").
.PP
If the [-c] option is set, the output is the data in csv format,
(either to stdout, or the file set by [-o] if given).
.PP
All angles are output in degrees.
.PP
If [-c] is not set, then the png is output provided [-i] is not
set or the [-o] is set.
.PP
The program assumes that the input file is a noaaport file.
With the [-g] option the program assumes that the input is a noaaport
"tirs00" type file (glm). The [-r] option indicates the input is an
"OR_ABI-L1b-RadF-M6C01_G16" type file.
